---
layout: post
title:  Making progress in coding
date:   2022-06-10 14:36:39 -0400
author: Adrianna Morsey
---

Welcome to my first blog post! Here I've written a short snapshot of what I am working on as a Digital Summer Scholarship fellow:

When I first started learning to code websites, the hardest part was getting used to using CSS and HTML and their syntax. The structure of the two languages and how they function together was very confusing to me at first and I often felt frustrated with my slow progress. However, as learning often goes, the learning curve was steepest at the beginning. After I picked up a basic level of comfortability with using the code, I quickly set off to building my own website.  

While I now have a website that is functional and pretty, the process of creating my personal website was one of trial and error. Looking back at my progress, I had many expectations for how the process would go or how my website would look that just didn't end up as expected, so I had to change my goals along the way. At first, I wanted to build a website that looked like the author John Green's website. It's sleek, colorful, and easy to navigate. However, my level of coding knowledge was not at that level yet (it had only been a day or two of the fellowship) so I had to readjust my expectations. I also tried to use Jekyll for a website template, but I decidded to return to using HTML and CSS because, as a beginner, it gave me much more control over the details of my site. On Wednesday and Thursday, I modeled my current website after a modern Jekyll template with a sleek design, and I couldn't be more happy with the end result, my website 1.0, because there will be more edits the more I learn about web development. I can say now that working on troubleshooting the code / website-building process has helped me gain so much more confidence in my coding and my ability to take on future projects.
