---
layout: post
title: The crossovers of art and web design
date: 2022-06-30 09:31:34 -0400 
author: Adrianna Morsey
---

Today, we had a presentation from Yusi Liu about Yusi's work creating digital art exhibitions, in particular, the Bryn Mawr exhibition *Freeze!*. This exhibition focuses on showcasing documents of artwork and photographs throughout history which highlight movement. Working with a team of other curators, Yusi developed both an in-person exhibition and a digital one, and presented to us how art exhibitions can be translated and displayed digitally. 

The most prominent aspect of the presentation was the importance of the viewer's visual experience, and how their experience impacts the curation of virtual and physical art spaces. This stood out to me because it connected the many intersections between our project, the DSSF Toolkit, and the art exhibition that Yusi worked on curating. In both mediums, the importance of considering how a viewer or audience member will experience the space or resource depending on how it is designed is critical to the design process. Just as we are taking into consideration how new coders and digital scholars and professors will experience our project, Yusi also had to design with a specific audience in mind. It also reminds me of architecture where the forethought of how an architect intends someone to experience the space is an integral part in the design of a building.

Digital scholarship and coding are multifacted tools that, when used with a mission and purpose in mind, will have an impact on user experiences, especially in the digital scholarship space. My initial impressions of coding and technology left me with the misconception that humanities and digital technologies were largely separate and that, if I wasn't involved or interested in designing the next AI code, I wouldn't be able to participate meaningfully in the tech sphere. However, the DSSF program really changed my perspective. Coding isn't *only* about algorithms and hackathons, but about so much more. It is what you make of it. And for many, it is about expanding the possibilities of art, media, and the humanities, and making those mediums available to everyone. 
